RAAlerts
========

Yet another UIAlert subclass that enables the use of blocks for handling dismissal of the alerts. This also adds the ability to use an alert manager with the alerts for combining alerts of a similar type.

The big difference here is that RAAlerts can be used with an RAAlertManager to manage display of cases where multiple instances of the same alert may be triggered. For example, when downloading multple items simultaneously, and more than one item fails. You wouldn't want to bombard users with alert popups to let them know that each individual item failed. If the alerts are routed through RAAlertManager, and they occur within the timeframe defined by `RAAlertManager.combineWindow`, these alerts will be combined into a single alert. You can specify a completion block to be called when an individual alert is dismissed, and if this alert is combined with others, this same block will be called when the single is dismissed.

A sample can be seen by running this project. Sample usage of the alerts can be found in `ViewController.m`.

Adding RAAlerts to Your Project
-------------------------------
Simply copy the folder `RAAlert` to your project, and import `RAAlertView.h` and `RAAlertManager.h` into the classes you'll be using them. If you don't need the manager features, you don't need to import `RAAlertManager.h`.

Usage
-----

**RAAlertView**
If you'd like to display a single alert immediately, you simply need to use `RAAlertView` by itself. Create an instance in a similar manner that you would a `UIAlertView`:

    RAAlertView *alert = [[RAAlertView alloc] initWithTitle:@"Sample RAAlertView"
                                                    message:@"Your message here."
                                                   delegate:nil
                                          cancelButtonTitle:@"OK"
                                          otherButtonTitles:nil];
                                          
To display the alert:

    [alert showWithCompletion:^(NSInteger buttonIndex) {
        // Do something awesome...
    }];
    

**RAAlertManager**
`RAAlertManager` comes into play when you plan on running an action that may result in several of the same type of alert being displayed. Alerts are grouped based on their `title` property within each manager instance. When the first alert of a type is sent through a manager, a timer with a timeframe defined by `RAAlertManager.combineWindow` is started. Any similar alerts displayed until the timer expires will be combined.

When routing alerts through the manager, you'll need to set the completion block for the alert like so:

    [alert setCompletionBlock:^(NSInteger buttonIndex) {
        NSLog(@"alertCompleted - A");
    }];
    
When you're ready to display the alert, instruct the manager to show the alert:

    [_alertManager showAlert:alert];
    
Alerts shown via the manager are shown with a delay in order to wait and see if similar alerts will come through. The default value of `RAAlertManager.combineWindow` is 1 second. As a result of this delay, this method is best used with alerts that would be generated by automated processes and not by user-initiated events. You wouldn't want a one second delay between a user tapping a button and when an alert is displayed, as that gives the impression of a laggy UI. But if a background thread ends up generating a series of alerts, then the delay is transparent to the user.


TODO: alternate completion block when combined
TODO: property on RAAlert if it was combined